My father was a patriotic man,
and he passed away while in combat
when I was only a year old.
I decided that I wanted to do
what he highly valued,
so I decided to serve in the army.
However, when I began
seriously studying the Bible,
I cultivated a desire
to please only Jehovah,
which helped me
to change my decision.
When I read Isaiah 2:4,
I understood
that the person who wants
to live a life pleasing to Jehovah
will not learn combat
and will not participate in wars.
My stand on neutrality
was challenged
when I became an adult
and was required to serve
in the army.
But my Bible beliefs did not allow me
to perform such service.
That was why
I was arrested and sentenced
to two and a half years
of imprisonment.
In prison,
prayers really helped me.
I asked Jehovah
many times to give me
“the power beyond what is normal
so that I could endure.”
And in order for me to receive
the answers to my prayers,
I regularly did
personal study and Bible reading.
The visits the elders
made were very encouraging.
At those times,
I felt Jehovah’s warm care.
Jehovah has been my support
through his organization, his Word,
the holy spirit,
and also through his “gifts in men.”
It is true that I suffered
both physically and emotionally,
but I never regretted
the position I took.